DevOps Architect- Contract - London Square One are looking for a DevOps Architect
for an initial 4 month contract in London. This is an initial 4 month contract,
paying market rates. 

The role: Work as part of a DevOps team on a project leveraging Docker and 
Openshift Container Platform. 
- Responsible for the installation and configuration of OCP and tooling to support 
a continuous integration/delivery approach to software development and the delivery 
of development and test environments using automated system configuration management
tools. 
- Assist in the creation and implementation of Production deploy process, 
CM processes eg branching and merging and Operations processes, taking into 
account HA and DR solutions. 
- Resolving automation and environment issues raised by Development and Test teams.

 Requirements: Continuous Integration/Delivery tools/methodology (Jenkins, Ne
xus, Sonar) System Configuration Mangement Tools (eg Ansible (preferred), Chef,
Puppet) Unix/Linux Administration (Red Hat Atomic/Red Hat Enterprise Linux prefe
rred) Cloud technologies, specifically AWS and Openshift Container Platform, Kub
ernetes Containers, specifically Docker Monitoring software - (eg Sensu, EFK, Za
bbix) Strong Scripting ability (Python, Ruby, NodeJS, Perl, Unix Shell etc) Soft
ware Configuration Management (Git, branching and merging strategies) This is an
 initial 4 month contract, paying market rates. DevOps Architect- Contract - Lon
don Notwithstanding any guidelines given to years of


AWS lambda is a compute service that runs your code in response to events and automatically manages the compute resou
resources for you, making it easy to build 
application that respond quickly to new information.  AWS Lambda starts running
you code within milliseconds of an event such as an image upload, in-app activity,
website click, or output from a connected device.  You can also use AWS Lambda to
create new back-end services where compute resources are automatically triggered based on custom requests.

