Multichannel customer service provides customers with options for communicating
with a brand across a variety of two-way channels.  this can be email, twitter, live 
chat, telephone, online form etc

The best multichannel customer service provides a seamless experience.  This means that
no matter what channel a customer chooses to make an enquiry or bellow a complaint
down, the response(in terms of speed, tone of voice and outcome) should be the same.

Of course, this makes things very complicated for customer service teams. Consumers
hop across various channels in order to carry out even the simplest of tasks, whether it's
buying stuff from an ecommerce site or checking the opening hours of its retail shop.

It's entirely possible that within the same company, all these different channels are run
by different teams with different agendas and different priorities.  It's therefore entirely
possible for a customer to skip across every brand channel and have a vastly differente
experience with each one.

More and more customers expect issues to be resolved via social media, they don't care
that a branded Twitter account was solely set-up for broadcast marketing.  Customers
will make contact via their own preferred channel, not yours.  As far as customers are
concerned, they are dealing with a single company, whether online, in a shop or via social,
and therefore consistency is expected.

There are few retail experience more galling than purchasing goods online and then
being told you can't return them to the same retailer's high street store, or having to 
explain an entire email conversation you've previously had with a different customer service
representative to the one you're currently talking to on the phone.

And this is where the Single Customer View comes in

A SCV provides businesses with the ability to track customers and their communications
across every channel.

The obvious benefits of this include:
- much improved customer service levels
- better customer retention
- higher conversion rates
- and hopefully an improved overall customer lifetime value(CLV)

Organisationally this will also lead to better commmunication between traditionally 
seperate teams and a more cooperative approach to customer service.

Look at me skilfully avoiding term 'siloes' there.

SCV also means being able to use the huge amount of data being pulled in from all these
various channels into one place, and being able to use that data in a meaningful way. By
building a fuller, personlised picture of th ecustomer and their journey, a business will
have a more insightful guide to improving future sales and make improvements to future
customer interactions.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- http://www.experian.co.uk/blogs/latest-thinking/single-customer-view-2/
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Multichannel marketing is when a brand has a presence on a number of differnt 
channels. ie. an email account, 
              a Facebook page, 
			  a Twitter page, 
			  a website 
			  and a physial store.  
All channels running smoothly, but separately.

Cross Channel is when those channels are interlinked and co-ordinated.  So:
			  a query on Facebook can be answered via an email, 
			  or an email offer is relevant and understood by an in-store representative.
And in order to do this, the first step is having a SCV.

How is a Single Customer View created
-------------------------------------
Achieving a SCV requires a customer's relationships with your brand to be brought together,
usually by matching name, address, and date of birth, and applying a unique identifier(ofter
described as a customer PIN) to each profile.

This identifier is then appended to every item of data relating to that customer allowing all data 
on the individual to be matched and brought together to create a single view or record
of that customer (hence, Single Customer View)

Of course, customer details and circumstances are constantly changing, so that data itself
never remains static.  However, the one constant will be the PIN which will mean new and
updated data will be attributed to that customer's profile as it is gathered.

Additional data and lifestyle segmentation can be applied to an orgainisation's Single Customer View
records, building deper and broader insights into the customer's lifestyle, behaviours and 
preferences.

What does a Single Customer View enable brands to do?
----------------------------------------------------
A Single Customer View gives you greater insight into your customers and helps you get to
know them better.  The SCV empowers marketers to market more efficiently and effectively, but
most of all, it enables brands to provide more and more useful, relevant and enjoyable 
experiences for their customers.

A SCV gives you greater insight into your customers and helps you get to know them better.  The 
SCV empowers marketers to market more efficiently and effectively, but most of all, it enables
brands to provide more and more useful, relevant and enjoyable experiences for their customers.

With a Single Customer View, brands are able to understand a customer's past behaviour, past purchases, 
interaction preferences, history and even their propensity to purchase new goods and services.

It is also the key ingredient in enabling cross-channel marketing strategies.  Cross channel is 
crucial because it's what customers expect.  Fully integrated cross-channel marketing provides a seamless
experience.
This means that no matter what channel a customer chooses to interact with, their experience
is consistent and relevant.
The Single Customer View is the crucial first step towards such a seamless cross-channel approach.  
Yes, of course there are operational, KPI and organisational issues that need to be considered, but 
as with most things in marketing, the key to cross-channel is in the data, and the key to the data
is the Single Customer View.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- National Trust.....	
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MI Trust - Mark joined 7 months ago
Historically DWH
--> Operational & Financial Reporting being currently provided

In parallel, a new initiative Single Supported View
--> provides data for Data Science Team
 --> who use both Tableau & Power BI
  --> via AWS Redshift
   --> Data availability - 3NF, which was found not to work too well
    --> Injestion of Data for Single Supported View
	--> Injestion of data in the same way
	 --> They have Scrum Master
	  --> A requirement for 3/4 developers one of which is to be AWS Redshift Developer
       --> Also, a Technical Lead / Solutions Architect is required for DEV OPS
	    --> Able to communicate with Business as well as users

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- Cloud Solution Architect
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cloud, AWS, Azure - Banking An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced 
Cloud Solution Architect to join a rapidly expanding Bank based in Central London. 
My client is in the early stages of their Cloud journey, and seek a passionate 
candidate to help define and maintain their technical strategy. 

You will have a thorough background in high level solution design
based around Cloud, utilising technologies such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) or
Azure. You will be working closely with the Head of Solution Architecture to 
understand the Bank's strategy from both a technical and business perspective, 
identifying solutions for specific problems or preempting problems that may arise a
s the IT landscape evolves. 
As the Team grows, you may have the opportunity to lead a small technical team of 
engineers to support the technical solutions that you have designed - This is an 
excellent opportunity for a candidate who wants to work within a fast paced financial 
environment, and be a key part of the companies ongoing success. 
		


A key part of this role is to work with our technology partners, and our internal 
modelling and dashboard teams, to deliver the data and deployment capabilities necessary 
for leveraging the Amazon Web Services (AWS) technology stack. 
To achieve this, you’ll need to have strong technical understanding of the AWS technology 
stack, particularly in the context of the data architectures available and how the 
architectures can be leveraged to build an agile end to end analytics process. 

You’ll also help keep us safe by ensuring the model deployment governance framework is 
robust and fit for purpose. 

To be brilliant you’ll have significant experience of working in a cloud based data 
environment with in depth knowledge of data integration technologies, including open source tools. 
You’ll bring with you experience in implementation of working data architectures using the 
AWS technology stack. 

If you are comfortable with data analytics deployment processes that will stand you in 
good stead and we’d love it if you have knowledge of NOSQL and SQL in the context of data 
integration to support model development. 

It’s fast paced, hard work but great to be part of something special! 
